[Docs] Add more explanation on editing plotly templates inside vizro (#1573)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/themes.md

            "colorway": ["#6929c4", "#2d9fea", "#de6da9"],
        })

        df = px.data.iris()

        page = vm.Page(
            title="Multiple property modifications",
            components=[
                vm.Graph(
                    figure=px.histogram(
                        df,
                        x="sepal_width",
                        color="species",
                    ),
                ),
            ],
        )

        dashboard = vm.Dashboard(pages=[page])
        Vizro().build(dashboard).run()
        ```

    === "Result"

        [![ModifiedProperties]][modifiedproperties]

!!! note "Some properties may not take effect"

    When modifying template properties, you may notice that certain properties (like `paper_bgcolor` or `plot_bgcolor`) don't have a visible effect on charts inside a Vizro dashboard. This can occur due to:

    - Plotly Express applying its own styling defaults
    - Vizro dashboard-specific overwrites that ensure charts have a uniform appearance across the dashboard

    Properties like `font`, `colorway`, and grid styling typically work well, while background colors and font-colors be overridden.

> ### Chart-specific styling takes precedence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Style specific charts without changing the global template
```

> When styling charts, it's important to understand the order of precedence. Arguments specified directly in chart functions (such as `color_discrete_map`, `color_discrete_sequence`, or `color_continuous_scale`) will always take precedence over template settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When styling charts, it's important to understand the order of precedence. Arguments specified directly in chart functions (such as `color_discrete_map`, `color_discrete_sequence`, or `color_continuous_scale`) always take precedence over template settings.
```

> This allows you to apply a global template while still having fine-grained control over individual charts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This enables you to apply a global template and retain fine-grained control over individual charts.
```
